docs/contributors.rst, before:

Contributors
============

Thanks to

- `chrisidefix <https://github.com/chrisidefix>`_ for adding the find-md5 action and 
  forcing me to create a proper package and use PyPI

- `msh100 <https://github.com/msh100>`_ for adding proxy documentation and updating the oauth scope

- `hansendc <https://github.com/hansendc>`_ for revamping the usage report

- `legnaleurc <https://github.com/legnaleurc>`_ for adding the find-regex action

- `Timdawson264 <https://github.com/Timdawson264>`_ for fixing st_nlinks in the FUSE node stat

- `Lorentz83 <https://github.com/Lorentz83>`_ for creating
  `a bash completion script <https://gist.github.com/Lorentz83/cad24ca44b53e4a33626>`_

- `kylemanna <https://github.com/kylemanna>`_ for adding a systemd service file

- `calisro <https://github.com/calisro>`_ for adding uid, gid, umask overrides for fuse layer

- `memoz <https://github.com/memoz>`_ for amending proxy documentation

Also thanks to

- `fibersnet <https://github.com/fibersnet>`_ for pointing out a possible deadlock in ACDFuse.
- and everyone else who I forgot to mention

Commit message:

Add an index to the parentage table to improve performance.
Whilst checking the state of files and directories at the beginning
of an upload, a query is made to find parents. This operation, when
examined with `EXPLAIN QUERY PLAN`, was seen to include a `SCAN TABLE`
over the nodes table. The `COVERING INDEX` on `(parent,child)` was
only used after this step, so was ineffective in speeding up the
operation.

Introducing an explicit index for `parentage(child)` ensures that
the operation is performed much more efficiently, speeding up the
search by at least an order of magnitude (more on larger databases).

The index will only be effective after an `ANALYZE` has been performed
on the database with the new index in place. This, and the addition
of the index, are added as schema version 3, and an appropriate
migration added.

Initial investigation by gerph, hint on where the change is needed
by pep1, and reminder that an `ANALYZE` is required from vb0.

Fixes yadayada/acd_cli#363.

docs/contributors.rst, after:

Contributors
============

Thanks to

- `chrisidefix <https://github.com/chrisidefix>`_ for adding the find-md5 action and 
  forcing me to create a proper package and use PyPI

- `msh100 <https://github.com/msh100>`_ for adding proxy documentation and updating the oauth scope

- `hansendc <https://github.com/hansendc>`_ for revamping the usage report

- `legnaleurc <https://github.com/legnaleurc>`_ for adding the find-regex action

- `Timdawson264 <https://github.com/Timdawson264>`_ for fixing st_nlinks in the FUSE node stat

- `Lorentz83 <https://github.com/Lorentz83>`_ for creating
  `a bash completion script <https://gist.github.com/Lorentz83/cad24ca44b53e4a33626>`_

- `kylemanna <https://github.com/kylemanna>`_ for adding a systemd service file

- `calisro <https://github.com/calisro>`_ for adding uid, gid, umask overrides for fuse layer

- `memoz <https://github.com/memoz>`_ for amending proxy documentation

- `gerph <https://github.com/gerph>`_ for making file searches faster, particularly on large repositories

Also thanks to

- `fibersnet <https://github.com/fibersnet>`_ for pointing out a possible deadlock in ACDFuse.
- and everyone else who I forgot to mention
