docs/transfer.rst, before:

File transfer
=============

acd\_cli offers multi-file transfer actions - upload and download -
and single-file transfer actions - overwrite, stream and cat.

Multi-file transfers can be done with concurrent connections by specifying the argument ``-x NUM``.
If remote folder hierarchies or local directory hierarchies need to be created, this will be done
prior to the file transfers.

Actions
-------

``upload``
~~~~~~~~~~

The upload action will upload files or recursively upload directories.
Existing files will not be changed, normally.

Syntax:
::

   acdcli upload /local/path [/local/next_path [...]] /remote/path

If the ``--overwrite`` (``-o``) argument is specified, a remote file will be updated if
a) the local file's modification time is higher or
b) the local file's creation time is higher and the file size is different.
The ``--force`` (``-f``) argument can be used to force overwrite.

.. hint::
  When uploading large files (>10GiB), a warning about a timeout may be displayed. You then need to
  wait a few minutes, sync and manually check if the file was uploaded correctly.

``overwrite``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The upload action overwrites the content of a remote file with a local file.

Syntax:
::

    acdcli overwrite /local/path /remote/path

``download``
~~~~~~~~~~~~

The download action can download a single file or recursively download a directory.
If a file already exists locally, it will not be overwritten.

Syntax:
::

    acdcli download /remote/path [/local/path]

If the local path is omitted, the destination path will be the current working directory.

``stream``
~~~~~~~~~~

This action will upload the standard input stream to a file.

Syntax:
::

    some_process | acdcli stream file_name /remote/path

If the ``--overwrite`` (``-o``) argument is specified, the remote file will be overwritten if
it exists.

``cat``
~~~~~~~

This action outputs the content of a file to standard output.

Abort/Resume
------------

Incomplete file downloads will be resumed automatically. Aborted file uploads are not resumable
at the moment.

Folder or directory hierarchies that were created for a transfer do not need to be recreated when
resuming a transfer.

Retry
-----

Failed upload, download and overwrite actions allow retries on error
by specifying the ``--max-retries|-r`` argument, e.g. ``acd_cli <ACTION> -r MAX_RETRIES``.

Exclusion
---------

Files may be excluded from upload or download by regex on their name or by file ending.
Additionally, paths can be excluded from upload. Regexes and file endings are case-insensitive.

It is possible to specify multiple exclusion arguments of the same kind.

Deduplication
-------------

Server-side deduplication prevents completely uploaded files from being saved as a node if another
file with the same MD5 checksum already exists.
acd\_cli can prevent uploading duplicates by checking local files' sizes and MD5s.
Empty files are never regarded duplicates.

Commit message:

remove source files on skip / with --deduplicate flag
Additionally removes source files on upload when a remote file of the same
size is detected or if duplicates are detected while the --deduplicate flag
is specified.

docs/transfer.rst, after:

File transfer
=============

acd\_cli offers multi-file transfer actions - upload and download -
and single-file transfer actions - overwrite, stream and cat.

Multi-file transfers can be done with concurrent connections by specifying the argument ``-x NUM``.
If remote folder hierarchies or local directory hierarchies need to be created, this will be done
prior to the file transfers.

Actions
-------

``upload``
~~~~~~~~~~

The upload action will upload files or recursively upload directories.
Existing files will not be changed, normally.

Syntax:
::

   acdcli upload /local/path [/local/next_path [...]] /remote/path

If the ``--overwrite`` (``-o``) argument is specified, a remote file will be updated if
a) the local file's modification time is higher or
b) the local file's creation time is higher and the file size is different.
The ``--force`` (``-f``) argument can be used to force overwrite.

.. hint::
  When uploading large files (>10GiB), a warning about a timeout may be displayed. You then need to
  wait a few minutes, sync and manually check if the file was uploaded correctly.

``overwrite``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The upload action overwrites the content of a remote file with a local file.

Syntax:
::

    acdcli overwrite /local/path /remote/path

``download``
~~~~~~~~~~~~

The download action can download a single file or recursively download a directory.
If a file already exists locally, it will not be overwritten.

Syntax:
::

    acdcli download /remote/path [/local/path]

If the local path is omitted, the destination path will be the current working directory.

``stream``
~~~~~~~~~~

This action will upload the standard input stream to a file.

Syntax:
::

    some_process | acdcli stream file_name /remote/path

If the ``--overwrite`` (``-o``) argument is specified, the remote file will be overwritten if
it exists.

``cat``
~~~~~~~

This action outputs the content of a file to standard output.

Hints
-----

Abort/Resume

    Incomplete file downloads will be resumed automatically. Aborted file uploads are not resumable
    at the moment.

    Folder or directory hierarchies that were created for a transfer do not need to be recreated when
    resuming a transfer.

Retry

    Failed upload, download and overwrite actions allow retries on error
    by specifying the ``--max-retries|-r`` argument, e.g. ``acd_cli <ACTION> -r MAX_RETRIES``.

Exclusion

    Files may be excluded from upload or download by regex on their name or by file ending.
    Additionally, paths can be excluded from upload. Regexes and file endings are case-insensitive.

    It is possible to specify multiple exclusion arguments of the same kind.

Remove Source Files

    The ``--remove-source-files|-rsf`` flag is used, local files will be deleted from the filesystem

    #. if the upload succeeds
    #. if deduplication is enabled and at least one duplicate is found
    #. if a file of the same name is present in the remote upload path but the file is not to bei
       overwritten (deletion then only occurs if the file sizes match) 

Deduplication

    Server-side deduplication prevents completely uploaded files from being saved as a node if another
    file with the same MD5 checksum already exists.
    acd\_cli can prevent uploading duplicates by checking local files' sizes and MD5s.
    Empty files are never regarded duplicates.
