docs/usage.rst, before:

Usage
-----

acd_cli may be invoked as ``acd_cli`` or ``acdcli``.

Most actions need the node cache to be initialized and up-to-date, so please run a sync.
A sync will fetch the changes since the last sync or the full node list if the cache is empty.

The following actions are built in
::

        sync (s)            refresh node list cache; necessary for many actions
        clear-cache (cc)    clear node cache [offline operation]

        tree (t)            print directory tree [offline operation]
        children (ls)       list a folder's children [offline operation]

        find (f)            find nodes by name [offline operation] [case insensitive]
        find-md5 (fm)       find files by MD5 hash [offline operation]
        find-regex (fr)     find nodes by regular expression [offline operation] [case insensitive]

        upload (ul)         file and directory upload to a remote destination
        overwrite (ov)      overwrite file A [remote] with content of file B [local]
        stream (st)         upload the standard input stream to a file
        download (dl)       download a remote folder or file; will skip existing local files
        cat                 output a file to the standard output stream

        create (c, mkdir)   create folder using an absolute path

        list-trash (lt)     list trashed nodes [offline operation]
        trash (rm)          move node to trash
        restore (re)        restore node from trash

        move (mv)           move node A into folder B
        rename (rn)         rename a node

        resolve (rs)        resolve a path to a node ID [offline operation]

        usage (u)           show drive usage data
        quota (q)           show drive quota [raw JSON]
        metadata (m)        print a node's metadata [raw JSON]

        mount               mount the cloud drive at a local directory
        umount              unmount cloud drive(s)

Please run ``acd_cli --help`` to get a current list of the available actions. A list of further
arguments of an action and their order can be printed by calling ``acd_cli [action] --help``.

Most node arguments may be specified as a 22 character ID or a UNIX-style path.
Trashed nodes' paths might not be able to be resolved correctly; use their ID instead.

There are more detailed instructions for :doc:`file transfer actions <transfer>`,
:doc:`find actions <find>` and :doc:`FUSE documentation <FUSE>`.

Logs will automatically be saved into the cache directory.

Global Flags/Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

..
  not using reST's option list here because it does not support (?) --foo={bar1,bar2} type args

``--verbose`` (``-v``) and ``--debug`` (``-d``) will print additional messages to standard error.

``--no-log`` (``-nl``) will disable the automatic logging feature that saves log files to the
cache directory.

``--color`` will set the coloring mode according to the specified argument (``auto``, ``never``
or ``always``). Coloring is turned off by default; it is used for file/folder listings.

``--check`` (``-c``) sets the start-up database integrity check mode. The default is to perform a
``full`` check. Setting the check to ``quick`` or ``none`` may speed up the initialization for
large databases.

``--utf`` (``-u``) will force the output to be encoded in UTF-8, regardless
of the system's settings.


Exit Status
~~~~~~~~~~~

When the script is done running, its exit status can be checked for flags. If no error occurs,
the exit status will be 0. Possible flag values are:

===========================  =======
        flag                  value
===========================  =======
general error                    1
argument error                   2
failed file transfer             8
upload timeout                  16
hash mismatch                   32
error creating folder           64
file size mismatch             128
cache outdated                 256
remote duplicate               512
duplicate inode               1024
name collision                2048
error deleting source file    4096
===========================  =======

If multiple errors occur, their values will be compounded by a binary OR operation.

Commit message:

fix exit status values >=256
Closes #100.

docs/usage.rst, after:

Usage
-----

acd_cli may be invoked as ``acd_cli`` or ``acdcli``.

Most actions need the node cache to be initialized and up-to-date, so please run a sync.
A sync will fetch the changes since the last sync or the full node list if the cache is empty.

The following actions are built in
::

        sync (s)            refresh node list cache; necessary for many actions
        clear-cache (cc)    clear node cache [offline operation]

        tree (t)            print directory tree [offline operation]
        children (ls)       list a folder's children [offline operation]

        find (f)            find nodes by name [offline operation] [case insensitive]
        find-md5 (fm)       find files by MD5 hash [offline operation]
        find-regex (fr)     find nodes by regular expression [offline operation] [case insensitive]

        upload (ul)         file and directory upload to a remote destination
        overwrite (ov)      overwrite file A [remote] with content of file B [local]
        stream (st)         upload the standard input stream to a file
        download (dl)       download a remote folder or file; will skip existing local files
        cat                 output a file to the standard output stream

        create (c, mkdir)   create folder using an absolute path

        list-trash (lt)     list trashed nodes [offline operation]
        trash (rm)          move node to trash
        restore (re)        restore node from trash

        move (mv)           move node A into folder B
        rename (rn)         rename a node

        resolve (rs)        resolve a path to a node ID [offline operation]

        usage (u)           show drive usage data
        quota (q)           show drive quota [raw JSON]
        metadata (m)        print a node's metadata [raw JSON]

        mount               mount the cloud drive at a local directory
        umount              unmount cloud drive(s)

Please run ``acd_cli --help`` to get a current list of the available actions. A list of further
arguments of an action and their order can be printed by calling ``acd_cli [action] --help``.

Most node arguments may be specified as a 22 character ID or a UNIX-style path.
Trashed nodes' paths might not be able to be resolved correctly; use their ID instead.

There are more detailed instructions for :doc:`file transfer actions <transfer>`,
:doc:`find actions <find>` and :doc:`FUSE documentation <FUSE>`.

Logs will automatically be saved into the cache directory.

Global Flags/Parameters
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

..
  not using reST's option list here because it does not support (?) --foo={bar1,bar2} type args

``--verbose`` (``-v``) and ``--debug`` (``-d``) will print additional messages to standard error.

``--no-log`` (``-nl``) will disable the automatic logging feature that saves log files to the
cache directory.

``--color`` will set the coloring mode according to the specified argument (``auto``, ``never``
or ``always``). Coloring is turned off by default; it is used for file/folder listings.

``--check`` (``-c``) sets the start-up database integrity check mode. The default is to perform a
``full`` check. Setting the check to ``quick`` or ``none`` may speed up the initialization for
large databases.

``--utf`` (``-u``) will force the output to be encoded in UTF-8, regardless
of the system's settings.


Exit Status
~~~~~~~~~~~

When the script is done running, its exit status can be checked for flags. If no error occurs,
the exit status will be 0. Possible flag values are:

===========================  =======
        flag                  value
===========================  =======
general error                    1
argument error                   2
failed file transfer             8
upload timeout                  16
hash mismatch                   32
error creating folder           64
file size mismatch             128
cache outdated                 256
remote duplicate               512
duplicate inode               1024
name collision                2048
error deleting source file    4096
===========================  =======

If multiple errors occur, their respective flag values will be compounded into the exit
status value by a binary OR operation. Because exit status values may not be larger than 255,
flags 256 and above cannot be returned via exit status. 
A warning message will be displayed at the end of execution if those errors occured.
